Once upon a time there was a family of dogs who lived in the woods. There were three brothers and one sister. One day, when hunting for food, the dogs found the bones of a deer that had been picked clean. The dogs were confused, as they thought they were the only animals living in the woods. This continued for a few days, with piles of bones showing up across the forest. One day, the dogs were exploring when five huge eagles came swooping down from the sky. Each bird was twice the size of a dog. The birds explained that there was not enough food in the forest, and that the dogs had to leave. The dogs, living there their whole life, insted offered them a compromise. They could instead work together to hunt.
The eagles however did not want to compromise. They told the dogs that they would have the forest to themselves, and if they had to they would take it from the dogs by force. The dogs thought they were ready for a war, but what they did not know was that when the eagles retreated to their hideout, there were many many more than five. The eagles returned home to rally the troops and prepare for the battle of the forest.
The dogs, feeling helpless, decided they needed to find their own troops to rally around and save their forest from the invasive eagles. That day they spent hours traveling all along the forest, recruiting anyone they could find. As dusk rolled in, the dogs were accompanied by a pack of woodchucks, a family of deer, a ferocious bear, and a large swarm of bees. It was time for war. The dogs explained their strategy of how to defeat the eagles and defend their forest. By morning the eagles were already on their way. There they were, standing on two sides of an open field, staring down the enemy. They charged at one another, sticking to their strategy, and dueled it out. The bees distracted the eagles while the woodchucks chucked wood. The bear was getting swarmed but then was saved by the dogs. It went back and forth, with no clear winner. Destruction and chaos reigned. Then seemingly out of nowhere, an apparition of a moose appears and proclaims, "Stop thy petty fighting, this land is made for us all to live in harmony." And with that, the fighting stopped, the eagles and dogs made a compromise, and the animals all lived in harmony for the rest of their days.
